After getting the money
Get as far away as you can
You need to know
I can spend 5 million to buy a woman
Do you believe that you can spend more money to buy a life?
OK, I know.
Ahhh
Mr. Lin, you don't need to be like this.
I can't pay you back this money.
Who told you to pay it back?
It seems that this woman is not easy to conquer
Then you spend a little money
It's worth it to help my employee get rid of a scumbag
Besides, this person is you
From now on
Work hard
Be my cash cow
Brother Feng, Mr. Qian has been looking for you for a long time.
Why are you here?
Something happened to Mr. Lin
I should have thought of it earlier.
What's wrong
Mr. Lin, I just received a notice
5 live streaming platforms that cooperate with Xingyue Media
All of them just terminated their contracts with us.
No reason found
No, even if I dig deep into your heart,
These 5 companies just don't want to say more
Do we have other live streaming platforms to cooperate with?
Only Ruiguang's family is left
It's Ruiguang's phone number.